input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/10-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/11-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/12-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/13-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/14-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/15-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/16-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/17-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/18-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/19-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/1-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/20-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/2-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/3-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/4-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/5-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/6-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/7-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/8-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/10-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/11-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/12-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/13-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/14-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/15-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/16-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/17-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/18-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/19-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/1-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/20-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/2-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/3-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/4-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/5-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/6-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/7-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/8-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/10-ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/11-multi_ring/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/12-humanitas/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/15-fancy_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/1-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/2-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/3-random5050/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/4-random6040/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/5-random7030/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/6-star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/7-multi_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/8-spreading_star/devices.json
input/placements/9-placements.json input/applications/9-applications.json input/devices/9-multi_spreading_star/devices.json
